# World_Weather_Analysis
 
##Project Purpose
The purpose of this assingment was the understand how to pull data with API keys. In order to help the app PlanMyTrip app. We used API keys frin the openweather site. 
After we ran the code to make a list or locations randomly through the code by using longitude and latitude. Now it took a while for me to get the code to run. I went back on the module a few times to find out that I needed to convert the date to ISO standard in order for the code to pull cities information It did take a while finding all the cities in the list. After creating a list and checking the data types. I got stuck on saving the file into a csv. With the help of BCS, I just needed to put the csv file name in instead of directing the path to the Weather_database folder since I was already in the file working on the deliverable. Now from using the data in deliverable 1. We used that data to creat a list of cities that fit our temperature range that we may be interested in visting. It pulled the data of all cities in that temperature range and provided a list of the hotels in the data frame. Now it took me a while to try to get the figures to show from the google maps. We were able to use the maps by using the api key from Google. With the help of BCS I had to re-install the gmaps and entachments again on the python enviorment command prmpt. The made sure the anaconda navigator was switched to the environment the gmaps was installed in. After the the code worked and I was able to view the maps finally. In the maps I was able to test the code and pick out 4 cties that could be potential vacation spots. I made it simple and pulled the cities from Austrailia. That way i decided to use the driving code to pull the routes for the cities in deliverable 3.
